All right, this concludes the section of the course
introducing you to reactive programming.
Now, I'm sorry, I hope this wasn't too boring.
We didn't have a lot of hands on coding to sample,
but really, we need to transfer a lot of information
about reactive programming and just try to lay down
a foundation of the concepts and stuff
that we have to deal with going forward,
so it takes a lot of getting around, your head around it.
It is definitely a different programming paradigm.
It's gonna feel pretty clunky at first
when you're working with it, but remember,
reactive is all about dealing with streams of data.
So streams are gonna be coming through these libraries,
so it's really quite a different programming paradigm
because you're dealing with basically a future object
that you're passing, passing, passing, passing,
and then something is gonna ask for that data,
and then it's gonna trigger all that logic
into your code all at once,
so it does take some getting used to for sure,
but coming up, we're gonna be looking
at some more concrete examples
and we'll be stepping through it slowly
and getting you more and more acclimated
to reactive programming with the Spring Framework.